Tables guideline n'at (#488)
brightlayer-ui/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/lists.mdx

-   Data represents different logical items (e.g., don't mix alarms and devices in a single list)

> Also refer to [our comparison between tables and lists](/patterns/tables#tables-vs.-lists).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about the differences between lists and tables, check out our [Tables](/patterns/tables#tables-vs.-lists) pattern.
```
